Meeting 20101108
Alkis, Huascar, Ivo, Jeff

1.  We agreed to submit weekly work summaries by Mon 9.30a
2.  Git hub discussion -
  Huascar spoke to github representative.  Huascar set up an organizational
  account for dbgroup@ucsc.  This will have multiple private repositories.
  There is a copyright agreement for opening a github repository that we
  need to carefully review.  Then anyone within the dbgroup who would like
  to set up a repository under our organizational account would need to
  agree to the same copyright agreement.

3.  Wiki- gforge wiki markup is not really wiki markup, it is html markup.
  we would prefer to use a real wiki markup language if available.
  Googledocs is very easy to publish individual links and make them publicly
  viewable, but there is no "wiki" either.

  TODO:  (we will do a mini survey of our options, gforge+wiki+svn,
  github+projectwiki, googledocs, etc.  A centralized hub is preferable,
  and we also need the ability to make some links public, and keep others
  private.)

 4.  STATUS updates - 
  Ivo - status ok, continuing work.  Get more sleep!

  Huascar - continuing testing the advisor package with WFA.

  Alkis - obtained the fast "whatif optimizer Postgres code".  We need to see
  if this is in Java or C, and decide how to interface with it from our code.
  This fast version of the what-if optimizer essentially builds a set of data
  structures related to a given query and stores them as cache.  These DS allow
   faster re-execution of the same query with "what-if" function.  This is done
  by declaring a "prepare DS" before sending a query to the optimizer, which preps
  the initialization and creation of the DS.  We need to interface this with
  Karl's code for calling the what-if optimizer.  Also, if something has
  changed in the DB we need to be able to issue a "clear DS" command.
  Since we need this control, we have a choice of implementing (1) prepare
  command, or (2) clear command.  We have decided to implement the "clear"
  command.

  Jeff - working on db2 with the db2advis command.  Instead of writing an
  independent wrapper script to call the what-if optimizer and db2advisor,
  he can try to write Java methods within our project to call our
  db_connection_manager and connect to db2.  Then he can utilize our existing
  methods to call the index advisor and optimizer.  This will extend our code
  for running experiments, and we can learn from this, so that we can possibly
  implement some CLI functionality to make it easier to run experiments later.
  For now, Jeff should write the experiments in Java and not depend on a CLI.
  Jeff will also get together with Huascar to use the new connection_mgr.

  Social Event - we should get together for food/drinks one evening.  We
  have tentatively chosen next Wed Nov 17 evening.
